hey guys welcome back to my channel so
I'm so excited for today's video I have
all these piles on the floor that I've
kind of accumulated over the past couple
of months from thrifting I would just
like randomly have the desire to go to
Goodwill and I spend like an hour in
there and find a bunch of clothes so
today I'm gonna be showing you all of
that all these clothes are kind of from
a variety of different thrift stores so
I got some from goodwill goodwill outlet
Ohio thrift store so I'll just kind of
go through my different sections and
show you guys I'm so excited I've gotten
so many things and honestly like the
total amount of money that I've spent I
think is very small compared to like how
much all these clothes that have cost if
I bought them from like a regular store
oh alright so I'm gonna start out with
this first short sleeve shirt I got this
is from Goodwill a Harley Davidson
t-shirt but I think if I like put on my
Doc Martens and this belt I'll show you
later that's like very Harley Davidson
biker chick or whatever I was thinking
of it for like an Instagram picture but
I'm not really sure I also think it's
just it would just look cute with some
jeans
these next two shirts I also got from
Goodwill and you're gonna like kind of
think I'm weird when I hold them up to
you because they're both men's polo
shirts and they look almost exactly the
same I have no idea why I had to buy
both of these and couldn't just pick
between them because they're so similar
like one is just a different color I
don't know but I ended up buying two
shirts this one's a lighter blue some
black and gray stripes and it's
literally just a men's polo shirt I like
rolling up the sleeves and with this
black skirt I have it looks pretty cute
if you want to check out some pictures
of me wearing that outfit you can look
on my Instagram link down below and then
this one is just practically the exact
same thing I don't know why I had to buy
both of these but I did so here's this
one in case I want to wear that polo
shirt but slightly different I was at
Goodwill a couple of my friends when I
bought this and they said gave them like
Mountain Man vibes which I mean I'm a
woman first of all second of all I'm
kind of okay with not mad vibes so this
shirt it kind of looks like a one of
those long underwear shirts but it's got
these buttons down the front super cozy
in the winter with like outfits oh you
know just looks so good with like a huge
oversized coat I've got some fun things
to pair with this and I think it's just
a really nice staple Mountain Man staple
so I ended up washing some clothes
together that should not have been
washed together so when I bought this
shirt it was like purple and now it's
like a very light bluish whitish it's
like so light I don't even know what
color is it's really comfortable it's
from the Comfort wash by Hanes
brand and there are a bunch of things at
the ohio's their store so I just picked
one up a nice long sleeve shirt alright
so another thing that I was just in the
mood for was mock necks and turtlenecks
I was looking for a lot of those I
wanted to layer some
this fall in winter and I just think
they're super cute so I'll start with
the first one that I'm wearing this is a
navy blue mock neck and I love it it is
so cozy and I really like this navy blue
color I think it looks really good I do
love the mock neck it's not a full-on
like I have no neck but it's just like
right in the middle where it's like
extra coverage so I yeah I just I really
like it so this next item is also a mock
neck and it is just this Rose what is
this color like a rosy pink
it's a pink mock neck and it's kind of
like this one super cute and a super fun
bright color and I can't believe I found
it at the goodwill so again with the
mountain-man vibes I've got this just
this brown one I don't have any closer
like brown like my hair so I was
interested to see how I could style this
and I think it's a really nice piece for
the fall time like literally everything
else that I just showed you but I really
do like it it's nice and comfortable
that was a big thing I want these
sweater isn't sure to be very
comfortable okay so this sweater I don't
know what I was thinking when I bought
honestly it's very big on me but it is
very like soft and comfortable so this
one is just like a light blue color I
don't have anything in this color so I
thought it was really fun it's very
loose I think with like some white
sneakers and then some black leggings
with this would look really cute so I
still will be able to style it even
though it doesn't fit me quite right
anyway so that's this I'm in such weird
mood right now I got this from the eddie
bauer outlet it's not that any better
outlet it's the Eddie Bauer be like one
step below it Eddie Bauer outlet so it's
stuff that's like super markdown because
it's got something wrong with it
so this is I can't believe I found this
either I was looking for exactly this
and I got this shirt for four dollars
it's an Eddie Bauer long-sleeve
turtleneck and I got it for four dollars
four dollars if you look up Eddie Bauer
outlet in Columbus Ohio they have one
there and it's like an offshoot of that
so it's like in the same building this
is also something that got washed and I
actually I'm gonna show you a red coat
and I washed the red coat with that
t-shirt and this white Eddie Bauer
turtleneck and it turns pink it turned
pink like solidly I went downstairs
opened the washer and it was pink and I
nearly cried so I spent the entire night
to like 2:00 in the morning trying to
like get the red coloring out of this
and I ended up doing it and I was so
happy because I didn't know what this
would be pink I wanted it white white
bright I think is what I used and it
worked like a charm
yeah so came out nice and white again
dolls okay so for skirts I have two
skirts so that I got here this first one
is just a plaid skirt it's kind of short
to be honest and it doesn't fit me
perfectly I was planning to alter it a
bit on the side but I loved the pattern
and everything and hopefully I can make
it work hopefully it's like not too
short I think this would be so cute for
fall even though I literally wear plaid
every single day for school I mean this
is a cute plaid because it's not what I
wear every day so yeah I'm really
excited built this and excited
- stylus so I got only one more skirt
and this one is just a red pencil skirt
I don't know what it is about pencil
skirts in their stores but this is like
the only kind of skirt you can find and
through stores around me that are like
good skirts this is just like such a fun
thing to style because it's it's like
bright red so excited about this and you
know for winter I mean red hello
Karissa yeah I'm super excited for
Christmas and to style this cute red
skirt so the only accessory that I got
from a thrift store over this entire
starting process was this black belt and
this is what I was talking about with a
Harley Davidson shirt I actually ordered
some black jeans and then I put these on
and put the Harley Davidson shirt on
with my black Doc Martens and I did look
pretty pretty um I don't say bad words
so I won't say it but yeah like but the
jeans didn't really fit me very well so
I sent them back so I don't have any
black jeans anymore but I'm sure like my
rip light wash jeans would do it justice
anyway this is that's practically the
only reason I bought this belt like what
else I mean I guess I can style this
yeah I can style it it's just kind of a
random thing for me like it wouldn't
usually buy something like this but I've
had good success with the last belt that
I got from Goodwill so I decided why not
it's 99 cents why not try alright so
this section I'm so excited about the
pile is mountainous coats jackets
sweatshirts and I'm so excited because I
got all of these for such a good deal so
I'm going to hop right in and show you
everything I got one store that was
mainly where I got a lot of these was
the goodwill outlet and that's where
you're a bunch of bins in like a
warehouse and you just go and dig
through the bins I'm pretty sure and
they just take the donations that people
sent in to Goodwill open the bag and
dump them in there so you don't I
recommend bringing gloves it's it's kind
of it's not traumatic but it's like I
don't know where the stuff is
and it's there's something about like
digging around and been instead of like
taking something off the hair it's like
a little bit more disgusting but you
know if you just think like these are my
clothes these will be my clothes these
are already my clothes like it won't
bother another thing is that you pay by
the pound so I think it was like a
dollar 24 per pound so I think in total
the jackets that I bought it was
probably maybe like like $30 for the
jackets I bought anyway let's read it
I'm so excited all right because I just
talked about it I'll go over everything
that I got from the goodwill outlet
first the first one I got is this brown
corduroy jacket it's kind of like a jean
jacket except corduroy and it's brown so
there's another Brown article of
clothing for the Fall it looks like
super well made and seriously like Wang
this it probably cost like a dollar it
was like a good price so I'm telling you
what if you like take the time to dig
through those bins at the goodwill
outlet then you are you are set to find
some great things this is also something
that got turned pink that I got it out
for the most part I'm pretty sure see
this is like a Nike thermal quarter zip
and it's super cute and soft and just
easy to throw on and again this was
probably like a dollar so so this next
piece is kind of a coincidence because
my friend just went to college at this
college and it's Miami University in
Ohio and so when I found this I was like
I have to get it it was just like a
crazy fine you know and I've always
wanted to have like a college champion
crewneck sweatshirt so this one is
definitely a keeper this probably would
have cost like at least $40 at the
college and I got it for like really
cheap this next item was kind of a
problem for me because all of these
things that I got from the goodwill
outlet I just like washed as soon as I
got home I kept them tightly tied in a
bag and I tried to touch it as little as
possible but this is a black leather
jacket so you can't really wash them I
just like took a scrubby brush and some
detergent and scrubbed the ends
like took the arms out and just like sat
there in the shower and like scrub the
key inside so if that's not clean enough
then I don't I don't know what to say
like then I'm just wearing a gross
jacket that I don't know where it's been
but I mean this Jack pretty cool so I'm
kind of okay with it kinda because it's
still kind of gross to think about but
it's mine now so that's what I'm saying
it's mine so whatever this jackets so
cool it is just like this big huge
oversized G mm leather jacket so cool um
yeah it just zips up the front for the
fall are you kidding me this is like
that coolest piece ever and yeah I got
it for so cheap for so cheap telling you
if you are going on a shopping trip and
you're going anywhere near a goodwill
outlet
please go you will not regret don't read
vogue reddit okay I've got three more
things from the goodwill outlet better
jackets so this one is again like the
men clothing and the woodsman vibes or
whatever this is a an insulated flannel
shirt I think it's what it was like
supposed to be I kind of took it as a
jacket when I tried it on but I think
layering this over like a sweatshirt or
something could be really cool if I have
a t-shirt on and then I put this over
it's still pretty big so anyway I
thought this is super cool and again if
it's so cheap then it's like I can make
it work so I think this will be a super
super cute and fun and cool to wear so
there you go so this is like a really
weird jacket I don't really know how to
explain it
kind of like mesh red mesh on the inside
and then kind of like a see-through
outside I'm guessing it's probably
waterproof but I'm not really sure I
just thought like as an athletic outfit
this would look really cool tent top and
leggings and some sneakers with this
over top and look really cute and it's
just a nice light coat this probably
cost like 25 cents because it is like so
light I've never seen a jacket like this
so I thought it was pretty I saved my
favorite relaxed I'm so excited about
this okay this is the culprit for making
everything turn pink because I'm an
idiot didn't
read the instructions on the tags about
how it should be washed which I am known
for doing I just wash everything
together I don't see if it's dry clean
only and I don't see with wash alone
this literally says says Miss machine
machine machine wash cold separately
because it would bleed onto all of your
other clothing and my white clothes
turned pink because of this jacket it is
this huge red coat it's big it's a
medium it's from McIntosh New England
anyway this coat it feels like so soft
and it's just like I it's like so good I
don't know it's to describe it it's just
like an awesome coat that's big and warm
and will be so cute for pictures oh my
gosh oh my gosh so I'm really excited
about this and wearing it in the winter
and stuff so um and I just want you to
know that this the Nike quarters at
thermal and the Miami crewneck
sweatshirt all of that together was
about $5 at the goodwill outlet so those
three things it's so cheap guys I'm so
happy about it I think it looks super
good so the last couple of things that I
have for you here I got a goodwill and I
also love these so I'm gonna finish up
and show you those so this one is kind
of if you watch my first with me at the
beach video I got something that looked
kind of similar to this it was like a
bigger version but like the material and
the look of it looks very similar when I
found this I was kind of like debating
like whether or not I should get it
because I already have one who looks
very similar but I was kind of like oh
whatever I'll get it like it fits
differently so I mean why not just get
it right I'm turning on with my
lumberjack vibes I've got some plaid
here this is another crewneck it's a
very oversized crack on me but it's very
very comfortable and again with the
whole fall plaid and just coziness that
I'm going for this definitely fits that
it says ltd jeans it's like a cream
color so it's not white but under one of
those many jackets that I bought I think
that would look really good so I also
left one of my favorite pieces for the
end of this thrift haul so this I got a
goodwill so this did cost
eight to nine dollars I think it's
really cute it's a nice like a nicer
looking one but still like very cozy and
comfortable so this is a like creep I
don't know if it's like a cream or like
a yellowish brownish like leather kind
of coat it's one of these kind of cows
with like the fuzziness on the hood and
the sleeves and the bottom and I just
think it'll look really good like even
with the outfit I'm wearing right now I
think you would look very good I'm so
glad I got this filmed oh my gosh
definitely check out any outlet stores
you have near you and thrift stores yeah
I'm I'm so happy about everything that I
got and I love everything so if you want
to comment down below what your favorite
thing from this haul was and how you
think you would style it I may be giving
me some tips because I'm still you know
in the process as my as my son bucket
list says I'm trying to improve my style
so if you have any tips or any advice
you want to give me anything you think
would look good together or like that
then make sure you leave a comment down
below so I know make sure you subscribe
down below give this video a thumbs up
and if you want to know exactly when I
upload I upload at 7 p.m. on Tuesday
nights if you want to get a little
notification on your device when I do
upload then make sure you ring the bell
I really hope you guys are having a good
day
I love you so much thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you in my next
video
[Music]